Introduction
------------

I use pgmodeler for a large project and wanted to use pgmodeler to insert test data with explicit identity values. PgModeler release 0.9.2 doesn't allow for it, because it generates INSERT statements without "OVERRIDE SYSTEM VALUE" and runs them after the table constraints are applied. 

- I modified the INSERTs generated by the CSV import function to always contain "OVERRIDING SYSTEM VALUE" to make it possible to specify explicit insert IDs. 
- Also, column values containing NULL in the CSV are treated like empty columns (the default or null is used). I made this change to be able to import CSV files exported from pgadmin4, before i noticed it is possible to change pgadmin's behaviour to not replace null values (leave it empty in the CSV). 

pgadmin4 exports null values as NULL with default CSV export settings.
This behaviour can be changed under File->Preferences->Query Tool->CSV Export->Replace null values with

Donate to pgModeler, created by Raphael Araújo e Silva
-------------------------------------------------------
Thank you Raphael, for providing this powerful and well designed piece of software! :) I'll leave this paragraph here as a quote from Raphael's Project:

"Much effort, coffee, chocolate, time and knowledge is being devoted to this project so that a reliable and constantly improved product can be delivered to the community. If you liked pgModeler and think it deserves a contribution please donate any amount (via PayPal) at [project's official site](https://pgmodeler.io)."


Change Log
----------

2020-03-02

- Changed libpgmodeler/src/physical_table.cpp and libpgmodeler_ui/src/datamanipulationform.cpp to
  create INSERTs with OVERRIDING SYSTEM VALUE
- Changed libpgmodeler/src/physical_table.cpp and libpgmodeler_ui/src/datamanipulationform.cpp to convert NULL in imported CSV rows to the column default value or null value when inserting. 
